How much?
How much
How much is it?
How much is it
How much is a room?
How much is a room
How much for a room?
How much for a room
How much is one room?
How much is one room
How much for 1 room?
How much for 1 room
How much is 1 room?
How much is 1 room
How much for one room?
How much for one room
How much for one night?
How much for one night
How much per night?
How much per night
How much a night?
How much a night
How much for a room per night?
How much for a room per night
How much for a room/night?
How much for a room/night
How much is a room per night?
How much is a room per night
How much is a room/night?
How much is a room/night
How much do I have to pay for a night?
How much do I have to pay for a night
How much do I have to pay for one night?
How much do I have to pay for one night
How much should I pay for a night?
How much should I pay for a night
How much should I pay for one night?
How much should I pay for one night
How much will you charge me for a night?
How much will you charge me for a night
How much will you charge me for one night?
How much will you charge me for one night
How much do you charge me for a night?
How much do you charge me for a night
How much do you charge me for one night?
How much do you charge me for one night
What is the daily rate?
What is the daily rate
What's the daily rate?
What's the daily rate
What is the price for one night?
What is the price for one night
What's the price for one night?
What's the price for one night
What is the best price guarantee?
What is the best price guarantee
Do you have Best price Guarantee programme?
Do you have Best price Guarantee programme
Do you have Best price Guarantee program?
Do you have Best price Guarantee program
Do you offer Best price Guarantee programme?
Do you offer Best price Guarantee programme
Do you offer Best price Guarantee program?
Do you offer Best price Guarantee program
Have you got Best price Guarantee programme?
Have you got Best price Guarantee programme
Have you got Best price Guarantee program?
Have you got Best price Guarantee program
Have you had Best price Guarantee programme?
Have you had Best price Guarantee programme
Have you had Best price Guarantee program?
Have you had Best price Guarantee program
Have you got Best price Guarantee policies?
Have you got Best price Guarantee policies
Have you had Best price Guarantee policies?
Have you had Best price Guarantee policies
Do you guarantee your price is the best?
Do you guarantee your price is the best
Do you commit your price is the best?
Do you commit your price is the best
Do you have special rate for membership owners?
Do you have special rate for membership owners
Do you offer special rate for membership owners?
Do you offer special rate for membership owners
What are the policies for membership owners?
What are the policies for membership owners
Where can I see the hotel rates?
Where can I see the hotel rates
How can I check the room rates?
How can I check the room rates
Why do the costs vary from day to day?
Why do the costs vary from day to day
Do you offer child rates?
Do you offer child rates
Do you offer kids rates?
Do you offer kids rates
Do you offer special rate for kids?
Do you offer special rate for kids
Do you offer special price for kids?
Do you offer special price for kids
Can my children stay in the room for free?
Can my children stay in the room for free
Do you reduce the price for kids?
Do you reduce the price for kids
Do you reduce the price for children?
Do you reduce the price for children
Is there special price for children?
Is there special price for children
Is there price reduction for kids?
Is there price reduction for kids
Is there discount for kids?
Is there discount for kids
Is there discount for children?
Is there discount for children
Do you charge children for sharing the room with parents?
Do you charge children for sharing the room with parents
Do you charge kids for sharing the room with parents?
Do you charge kids for sharing the room with parents
Do children stay for free?
Do children stay for free
Do kids stay for free?
Do kids stay for free
Is the room rate per person or per night?
Is the room rate per person or per night
Is the price per person or per night?
Is the price per person or per night
Are the prices quoted per room or per person?
Are the prices quoted per room or per person
Are the prices quoted per room or per person?
Does the price include meals?
Does the price include meals
Does the room rate include meals?
Does the room rate include meals
Does the price include breakfast?
Does the price include breakfast
Does the room rate include breakfast?
Does the room rate include breakfast
Is breakfast included in the price?
Is breakfast included in the price
Is breakfast included in the room rate?
Is breakfast included in the room rate
Are meals included in the price?
Are meals included in the price
Are meals included in the room rate?
Are meals included in the room rate
What does the price include?
What does the price include
What does the room rate include?
What does the room rate include
What is included in the price?
What is included in the price
What is included in the room rate?
What is included in the room rate
Can I have breakfast even if I am not staying in your hotel?
Can I have breakfast even if I am not staying in your hotel
Can I have dinner even if I am not staying in your hotel?
Can I have dinner even if I am not staying in your hotel
Free breakfast?
Free breakfast
Free dinner?
Free dinner
Meals included?
Meals included
Breakfast included?
Breakfast included
Can I book tee times online?
Can I book tee times online
Can I also book breakfast online?
Can I also book breakfast online 
What does breakfast online booking cost?
What does breakfast online booking cost
Can I cook my own meals?
Are special requests such as feather-free pillows manageable?
Are special requests such as gluten-free meals manageable?
Shall I use the kitchen?
What time is the kitchen open to guest?
What do you serve for breakfast?
What do you offer for breakfast?
What is served for breakfast?
What is offered at breakfast?
Can we order dishes off the menu?
What time is breakfast served?
How can I see which features are included in the price?
Which services are included in the price?
What does the price include?
What is included in the price?
What is included in my nightly rate?
What is excluded in my nightly rate?
How can I see which features are offered in the room rate?
How can I see which features are included in the price?
Which room configurations do you offer?
Which services are offered in the price?
What does the price offer?
What is offered in the price?
Does the price reflect all fees and taxes?
Does the price include all taxes and fees?
Does the rate reflect all fees and taxes?
Does the rate include all taxes and fees?
Are taxes included in the room rates?
How can I see the different rates?
What amenities are included in the room?
Does the room have private outdoor seating?
Does the room have private balcony?
If the room has a balcony or indoor stairs, are they safe for a toddler?
Which size are the rooms?
How large is the room?
Is parking included?
Does the hotel have parking lot?
Is the parking free?
Is the parking free of charge?
Do you offer free parking?
Do you offer free parking during our stay?
Are there car parking spaces or a car park?
How much does parking cost?
Do you charge for parking?
Do we have to pay for parking during our stay?
Do I have to pay for parking?
How much do I have to pay for car park?
How much does it cost for parking?
Can I reserve a parking lot?
Is parking available at the hotel?	
Can I be placed in a recently renovated room?
Are there rooms that are more recently renovated than others?
Can I get a room in a silent area?
Can I be placed away from the elevator?
Can I have a room on a higher floor?
Can I have a room facing away from the street?
Is there a variation in the views in rooms of the same category?
What is the view of my room?
What is your room categories?
How many kinds of room do you offer?
What is the difference between twin room and double room?
Does this room have an connecting room?
Do you have connecting room?
Do you offer connecting room?
Are the rooms connecting or adjacent?
How many floors does the hotel have?
Is there a lift?
Is there an elevator?
Do you have lift?
Do you have elevator?
Are there rooms with better Wi-Fi reception than others?
Is there unlimited WiFi Access?
Is Wi-Fi available in the room?
Is Wi-Fi available at the hotel?
Is the hotel wi-fi free?
Do you offer free wifi?
Is wifi free of charge?
Is Wi-Fi included for free?
Does the Room have a Refrigerator?
Will my room have a refrigerator?
What are the best rooms and is there a mini-bar?
Is there complimentary toiletries for free?
Is the toiletries free of charge?
Do you offer free toiletries?
Is the toiletries included free?
Is the toiletries free?
Is the toiletries included free of charge?
Does the toiletries included in the price?
Does the toiletries included in the room rate?
Do you charge for extra clean linen?
Do I have to pay for extra clean linen?
Do we have to pay for extra clean linen?
What better rate can you offer me?
Do you offer me a better rate?
Do you offer me better price?
Is there a resort fee?
Is the hotel family friendly?
Can hotel staff speak Mandarine?
Can hotel staff speak Cantonese?
Can hotel staff speak Japanese?
Can hotel staff speak French?
Can hotel staff speak Korean?
Which languages are spoken at Reception?
Does the room have a private bathroom?
Where in the hotel is the room located?
Where is the room located on the property?
Is there any discount for large group?
Do you offer special discounts?
What about the special discounts?
Can I use discount vouchers?
Is it cheaper to book online?
Could you send us more information about promotion?
Are there any upcoming sales or holiday promotions?
Are there any special hotel offerings that are not widely advertised?
What if I want an upgrade?
Does the hotel have any local affiliations?
Am I entitled to any exclusive amenities?
How is the traffic there?
What are the reception opening hours?
Is Reception open 24 hours?
At what time can I check-in?
By what time must I check-out?
Check-in time?
Check-out time?
When to check in, check out?
What are the check-in and check-out times of a hotel?
What is the Early Bird rate?
Can I use the spa area after checking out?
Can I get an early check-in?
How can I request an early check-in or late check-out time?
At what time is check-in?
At what time is check-out?
Any surcharge for late check-out?
Can I leave my luggage?
Do you have baggage locker?
Any surcharge for baggage locker?
How far is it to the center?
Can we walk to restaurants and shopping?
Can I walk to local restaurants or markets?
Do you have a restaurant?
Does the hotel have an onsite restaurant?
What time does the restaurant open?
Can I reserve a table in a restaurant?
Do they have a kids’ menu?
Do they have menu for kids?
How to get to the nearest restaurant?
How to get to the nearest shopping mall?
What is the distance from the hotel from the nearest hospital?
What time does the bar close?
What is your address?
What is the hotel's address?
Is there pick-up service?
Do you have pick-up service?
Do you offer pick-up service for free?
Do you have pick-up service?
Is there public transport to your place?
What are the directions to the hotel?
Is the hotel near an airport?
Is the hotel near an train station?
Which is the nearest airport?
Which is the nearest train station?
How can I reach your hotel from the airport?
Is a limousine service available from the airport?
Is there a hotel shuttle service to/from the airport?
Do you offer hotel shuttles to/from train station?
Is there room available on ..?
Can we add extra bed?
How many additional beds can you have in one room?
How much should we pay for extra bed?
What are the exact bed sizes in a room?
Do the bathrooms have baths or showers?
Will the room have a bathtub?
Can we bring our pets?
Can I bring my pet?
Can I take a pet with me?
Are pets allowed to stay at the hotel?
Do you offer handicapped rooms?
Do you have rooms that have services for those with disabilities?
Do you have special facilities for handicapped travellers?
Do you have car rental service?
Can I rent a car at the hotel or nearby?
Do you offer child care service?
Can the public use the swimming pool?
Is there a pool at the hotel?
Is the swimming pool fenced?  
If the pool is unfenced, how far away is your room from the it?
Do you offer spa treatments?
Can I use the spa area even if I am not staying in your hotel?
Is it possible to book spa treatments online?
Do you offer any short term tour?
Is there any discount for guest staying at your hotel?
Does the hotel need a deposit?
Does the hotel need a payment in advance?
Can different payment methods be combined?
What is the currency accepted at your hotel?
What currency is accepted for payment at your hotel?
What is the VAT refund system in your country?
Do we have to pay deposit?
How much do we have to deposit?
How to deposit?
How many rooms can be booked at once?
What types of credit card can I use to guarantee the reservation?
Which credit cards are accepted?
For how many persons I can make a reservation? 
Are bookings for groups possible online?
Is there waiting list for reservation on high season?
Why do Internet rates only apply at certain times of the year?
Is my credit card being charged at time of booking?
Which online payment methods do you offer?
Can I book two rooms of different categories?
Can I book two rooms with different occupancy?
How can I make booking?
Can I pay for my stay in advance?
Can I still book a room without credit card?
Shall we reserve the booking by our credit card?
Can I book without credit card?
How much of a hold are you putting on my credit card?
When will a hold be released?
Is it safe to fill in my credit card number? 
How secure is the your website?
What credit cards do you accept?
How late are the doors open?
Noise level?
How do I reserve my room?
Can I make room reservation by phone?
Can I book a hotel room by telephone or email?
How many rooms can I book in one reservation?
Can I book a hotel for day use?
Once I have made my reservation, will I receive any written confirmation from the hotel?
How do I know that my reservation is confirmed?
What is the cancellation policy on my reservation?
How do I cancel a reservation?
How can I change or cancel my reservation?
What is the time of room cancellation?
Do you charge for cancellations?
By when do I have to cancel my booking, if I have to?
When is the latest to cancel the room reservation?
Where can I see the booking conditions?
Why did I not receive a booking confirmation?
Can I check-in without my reservation number?
Why is the arrangement not bookable?
Can I cancel only certain parts of my reservation?
What type of customer service is offered?
What are the special services available for female travellers?
Does the hotel have a conference room? If so, how many people can it accommodate?
How do I know if the hotel has parking facilities?
Is parking available? 
Free parking? 
Long-term parking?
Is parking available at the hotel?
What if there will be more than two adults in the room?
What if I find a lower price after booking?
How can I redeem a group voucher in your hotel?
Which online payment methods do you offer?
When do I need to pay for the accommodation?
Is my credit card being charged at time of booking?
Which credit cards are accepted?
How can I change or cancel my reservation?
By when do I have to cancel my booking, if I have to?
Where can I see the booking conditions?
When were the rooms last refurbished?
Do you have smoking and non-smoking rooms?
Do you offer non-smoking rooms?
Will I be entitled to a non-smoking room?
How many bars does the hotel have?
How far in advance do I have to book?
How long before the vacation should I book my room?
Are meals served buffet style or off the menu?
Are there any alternative on-property restaurants?
What activities are included?
What is the nightlife like at this resort?
How are the golf facilities?
Do you have renting service for golf facilities?
Do you offer golf facilities?
Are golf facilities offered at your resort?
Can you recommend any good diving school in your area?
Is babysitting provided?
Is there a kids club?
What about teen activities?
Is there any teen activities?
What about kids club?
Is there babysitting service?
Are cocktails, beer, bottled water and soda included?
Are drinks local, premium or top-shelf brands?
Is it 24 hour snacks/drinks, swim-up bar?
What are the bar hours?
Am I expected to pay any type of gratuities?
Are there a lot of weddings on property?
Do weddings interfere with any of the public areas?
Will there be any wedding during my stay?
Does the resort cater to Americans?
Is the clientele mostly international?
What is there to do on a rainy day?
Are there any scheduled get-acquainted cocktail parties or dinners?
What is the dress code for cocktail parties?
Will I need a coat and tie for dinner?
When is the best time of the year to enjoy the resort?
Is there a hurricane policy?
Are airport transfers included in the package rate?
How far from the airport is the property?
How do I get from the airport to the hotel?
What is the ongoing entertainment?
Is there a casino on property or near-by?
Is there shuttle service into town or for shopping excursions?
Is there a doctor or nurse on the property?
What is the resort procedure in the event of a medical emergency?
Are medical services available at the hotels?
What is the security policy at the resort?
What is the safety record?
Are there any special packages and sales promotions going on now that include airfare?
How can I subscribe for the newsletter?
How can I unsubscribe for the newsletter?
How can I order hotel brochures?
How can I order hotel flyer?
Can I purchase a hotel voucher as a present?
How can I redeem Groupon-voucher in your hotel?
Do you offer gift voucher?
Is half or full board available?
Where can I get a copy of my invoice after departure?
What should I do, if I lost or forgot something in my room?
How do I know if the hotel is bookable?
Why is the hotel not bookable although the calendar is marked green?
When is a good time to visit your country?
What voltage do you use in your country?
Do you offer power converter at your hotel?
Do you have voltage converter at your hotel?
Do you have power adapter at your hotel?
Do you offer voltage adapter at your hotel?
Is power conterter offerred at your hotel?
Is voltage adapter offerred at your hotel?
Do you have satellite television?
Do you offer satellite television?
Is satellite television available at our hotel?
Do you have in-house movies?
Do you offer in-house movies?
Is in-house movies available?
Do you have any special packages for honeymoon?
Do you have any special packages for anniversaries?
Do you have any special packages for birthday?
Do you have any special packages for conference?
Do you have any special packages for company trip?